SSR lets us render pages on the server, and deliver html content directly over browser. It improves SEO and improves the performance.
In SSR, the initial html content is generated by server, but in CSR the browser builds the page after downloading javascript first. 
To create ssr app in angular:
    ng new myApp --ssr
    , this creates essential files like:
        - server.ts
        - main.server.ts
To add ssr configuration to existing angular application:
    ng add @angular/ssr


Restaurant analogy for ssr:
- Customer (browser/client)
- Waiter (Javascript)
- Kitchen (browser's rendering engine for client side and "special" kitchen for ssr)
- Food (Angular application content)
- Pre-set/decorated table (ssr rendered first view / the initial html content)
- Special kitchen's rule book (app.config.server.ts)
- Pre-set table creator (main.server.ts)
- Restaurant manager (server.ts)


myApp
|
|---src
    |
    |---app
    |   |
    |   |---app.config.server.ts (Provides configurations specific to the server side application)
    |
    |---main.server.ts (bootstraps the angular application on server, sets the HTML content to serve the browser)
    |
    |---server.ts (The actual node.js application that runs on server. Starts the server to handle ssr requests)



build ssr application:
    npm run build:ssr
run the server:
    npm run serve:ssr


## HttpClient caching
- When an Angular app is running on the server (for example, during SSR), HttpClient can automatically cache outgoing HTTP requests. This cache is transferred to the browser as part of the initial HTML.
- In the browser, during the initial rendering, Angular checks the cache to reuse the data instead of making fresh HTTP requests, saving time and resources.
- Once the app becomes 'stable'-which means the app's initial rendering is complete-the HttpClient stops using the cache and falls back to regular behavior.
- By default, HttpClient caches all HEAD and GET requests that do not contain Authorization or Proxy-Authorization headers.
- For example, if you're fetching a list of products or users with a GET request, Angular caches that during SSR and reuses it in the browser.
- But what if you want to include other request types like POST? Angular allows you to configure caching behavior with the withHttpTransferCacheOptions function. 


If I do a GET call in ngOnInit of a component, and I'm not using the response in html, it is not called from the browser. 